“I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.” – Winston Churchill
“Keep calm and carry on.” — Winston Churchill
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.” – Albert Einstein
“If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.”– Albert Einstein
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” – Thomas H. Huxley
“Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it.” – Confucius
“In your actions, don’t procrastinate. In your conversations, don’t confuse. In your thoughts, don’t wander. In your soul, don’t be passive or aggressive. In your life, don’t be all about business.” – Marcus Aurelius
“People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering time they are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy.” – Seneca
“How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself?” – Epictetus
“First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.” – Epictetus
“I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid.” – Cato
"Nothing is worth more than this day. You cannot relive yesterday. Tomorrow is still beyond your reach." - Goethe
"There is no substitute for hard work." - Thomas Edison
“The unexamined life is not worth living.” — Socrates
“I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don’t intend to waste any of mine.” —Neil Armstrong
“When you cease to dream you cease to live.” —Malcolm Forbes
“Sometimes you can’t see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.” —Ellen DeGeneres
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”– Buddha
“In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.” — Anne Frank
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.” — Leonardo da Vinci
“Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.” ― E.M. Forster
“I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday. “ — Abraham Lincoln
“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.” - Frank Herbert
